README.md, before:

# Z-Image-Turbo UI & Docker Environment

This project consists of a React Frontend and a CUDA-accelerated Python Backend for the Z-Image-Turbo model.

## Prerequisites
- **Docker** & **NVIDIA Container Toolkit** (Required for GPU support)
- **NVIDIA GPU** (Ampere or newer recommended for bfloat16 and Flash Attention)
- Node.js 18+

## Architecture
- **Frontend**: React + Tailwind + Lucide (Port 3000)
- **Backend**: FastAPI + PyTorch + Diffusers (Port 8000)

## Quick Start

### 1. Start the Backend (Docker)
This builds a container with CUDA 12.4, Flash Attention 2, and the latest Diffusers library.

```bash
cd backend

# Build the image (this may take 5-10 minutes to compile Flash Attention)
docker build -t z-image-turbo-backend .

# [Optional] Push to Docker Hub
# 1. Login to Docker Hub
docker login

# 2. Tag the image (replace 'your-username' with your Docker Hub username)
docker tag z-image-turbo-backend your-username/z-image-turbo-backend:latest

# 3. Push the image
docker push your-username/z-image-turbo-backend:latest

# Run the container with GPU access
# IMPORTANT: --gpus all is required for the container to see your NVIDIA card
docker run --gpus all -p 8000:8000 z-image-turbo-backend
```

**Note on Flash Attention 2**: 
The Dockerfile installs the `flash-attn` package which provides Flash Attention 2. This requires an NVIDIA GPU with Ampere architecture (RTX 3090, A100) or newer (Ada/Hopper). If your GPU is older (e.g., Turing/Volta), the installation might fail or fallback to standard attention mechanisms.

### 2. Start the Frontend (Docker)
Open a new terminal in the project root:

```bash
cd frontend

# Build the frontend image
docker build -t z-image-turbo-frontend .

# Run the container
docker run -p 3000:3000 z-image-turbo-frontend
```

## Usage
1. Open the frontend URL.
2. Ensure the backend is running (Check logs for "Model loaded successfully").
3. Enter a prompt and click "Generate".

Commit message:

feat: Introduce Docker Compose for full stack deployment and implement Z-Image generation API in the backend.

README.md, after:

# Z-Image-Turbo UI & Docker Environment

This project consists of a React Frontend and a CUDA-accelerated Python Backend for the Z-Image-Turbo model.

## Prerequisites
- **Docker** & **NVIDIA Container Toolkit** (Required for GPU support)
- **NVIDIA GPU** (Ampere or newer recommended for bfloat16 and Flash Attention)
- Node.js 18+

## Architecture
- **Frontend**: React + Tailwind + Lucide (Port 3000)
- **Backend**: FastAPI + PyTorch + Diffusers (Port 8000)

## Quick Start (Docker Compose)
The easiest way to run the entire stack is using Docker Compose.

```bash
docker-compose up --build
```
This will start both the frontend (http://localhost:3000) and backend (http://localhost:8000).

## Manual Setup
If you prefer to run services individually:

### 1. Start the Backend (Docker)
This builds a container with CUDA 12.4, Flash Attention 2, and the latest Diffusers library.

```bash
cd backend

# Build the image (this may take 5-10 minutes to compile Flash Attention)
docker build -t z-image-turbo-backend .

# [Optional] Push to Docker Hub
# 1. Login to Docker Hub
docker login

# 2. Tag the image (replace 'your-username' with your Docker Hub username)
docker tag z-image-turbo-backend your-username/z-image-turbo-backend:latest

# 3. Push the image
docker push your-username/z-image-turbo-backend:latest

# Run the container with GPU access
# IMPORTANT: --gpus all is required for the container to see your NVIDIA card
docker run --gpus all -p 8000:8000 z-image-turbo-backend
```

**Note on Flash Attention 2**: 
The Dockerfile installs the `flash-attn` package which provides Flash Attention 2. This requires an NVIDIA GPU with Ampere architecture (RTX 3090, A100) or newer (Ada/Hopper). If your GPU is older (e.g., Turing/Volta), the installation might fail or fallback to standard attention mechanisms.

### 2. Start the Frontend (Docker)
Open a new terminal in the project root:

```bash
cd frontend

# Build the frontend image
docker build -t z-image-turbo-frontend .

# Run the container
docker run -p 3000:3000 z-image-turbo-frontend
```

## Usage
1. Open the frontend URL.
2. Ensure the backend is running (Check logs for "Model loaded successfully").
3. Enter a prompt and click "Generate".
